EXT  PRISON YARD BLEACHERS  DUSK  104
 PRISON YARD BLEACHERS  DUSK 1954 104
ANDY 
I just don't understand what 
happened in there, that's all. 
HEYWOOD 
Old man's crazy as a rat in a tin 
shithouse, is what. 
RED 
Heywood, enough. Ain't nothing 
wrong with Brooksie. He's just 
institutionalized, that's all. 
HEYWOOD 
Institutionalized, my ass. 
RED 
Man's been here fifty years. This 
place is all he knows. In here, 
he's an important man, an educated 
man. A librarian. Out there, he's 
nothing but a usedup old con with 
arthritis in both hands. Couldn't 
even get a library card if he 
applied. You see what I am saying? 
FLOYD 
Red, I do believe you are talking 
out of your ass. 
RED 
Believe what you want. These walls 
are funny. First you hate 'em, then 
you get used to 'em. After long 
enough, you get so you depend on 
'em. That's institutionalized. 
JIGGER 
Shit. I could never get that way. 
ERNIE 
softly 
Say that when you been inside as 
long as Brooks has. 
RED 
Goddamn right. They send you here 
for life, and that's just what they 
take. Part that counts, anyway. 
105 